so you could eat those
you could this one's edible they're all
edible all of them are edible
so for instance a piece like this took a
week you do that in a week
i've never made a cake i don't really
know how you make cake
you ask me what goes into a cake i'd say
cake this is
probably one of the biggest ones that
i've done to date what do you think
wow it's not quite finished yet i'm so
speechless
this is all sugar paste on the outside
it's got a palestinian base
so this isn't any cake nope no cake in
it but everything that's on the outside
of it is edible
why did you decide to do something this
size well i do the in-house exhibits at
the cake show so people will get a big
display that they can see
what can be done under sugar go bake or
go home
it is absolutely amazing it's really
changed since we saw it and all the
coloring in the fur stuff just makes all
that difference tonight
so you're all going to be making a
realistic boot you're going to put your
own artistic flair on it
you'll be making one of those today
reckon that's possible what is this
sugar paste so do i put the color in now
yeah how do i put it just open the tube
what do you mean for the shape of a
canoe more or less
what what went wrong
what
[Music]
now this is the thing that i use when i
get to show the nominated cake they're
made out of rice krispies and
marshmallow
so to make the shape of the boot we're
using this today
[Music]
nobody can imagine that it would take
this long we could
you could yeah all right i've changed
that nobody told me it would take this
out
and i am genuinely pleasantly surprised
i have managed to get something
that is okay it's to start your route
onto the pattern